c:\users\dydy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EMTEST\EMTEST\bin\Debug\EMTEST.exe
c:\users\dydy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EMTEST\EMTEST\bin\Debug\EMTEST.pdb
c:\users\dydy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EMTEST\EMTEST\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.dll
c:\users\dydy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EMTEST\EMTEST\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.ML.dll
c:\users\dydy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EMTEST\EMTEST\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.dll
c:\users\dydy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EMTEST\EMTEST\bin\Debug\Emgu.Util.dll
c:\users\dydy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EMTEST\EMTEST\bin\Debug\openCV.dll
c:\users\dydy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EMTEST\EMTEST\bin\Debug\zlib.net.dll
c:\users\dydy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EMTEST\EMTEST\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
c:\users\dydy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EMTEST\EMTEST\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.xml
c:\users\dydy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EMTEST\EMTEST\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dydy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EMTEST\EMTEST\obj\x86\Debug\EMTEST.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\dydy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EMTEST\EMTEST\obj\x86\Debug\ResGen.read.1.tlog
c:\users\dydy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EMTEST\EMTEST\obj\x86\Debug\ResGen.write.1.tlog
c:\users\dydy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EMTEST\EMTEST\obj\x86\Debug\EMTEST.exe
c:\users\dydy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EMTEST\EMTEST\obj\x86\Debug\EMTEST.pdb
c:\users\dydy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EMTEST\EMTEST\obj\x86\Debug\EMTEST.Form1.resources
c:\users\dydy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EMTEST\EMTEST\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.xml
c:\users\dydy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EMTEST\EMTEST\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.ML.xml
c:\users\dydy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EMTEST\EMTEST\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.xml
c:\users\dydy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\EMTEST\EMTEST\bin\Debug\Emgu.Util.xml
